Hi.
Welcome.
In this video, I want to show you a bit of a view of the e-commerce application, a group of users
throughout this course.
Okay.
Now, when a user first visit obligations, this is going to be the first page.
These are going to see they can choose to slide this way.
Or you will miss or you will skip.
I just want to go back to the first page and certificate.
Okay, because you are saying something else.
And now the user can choose to sign in using a variety of ways.
They can choose to sign in with Google, sign in after August or sign off.
They can pick an image from a gallery.
Yeah.
And.
Okay.
We'll take a few minutes.
That doesn't go to my balance.
And just this.
And then we can feel this.
Okay.
Since our idea of an account is no, go to log.
You can even choose to.
We set our password in case we forgot it.
Okay.
Now I'm just going to log in.
I think have.
Yes.
And.
First.
What is this?
Okay, well, I'll give.
Okay.
So all user requests for the business class.
It's a.
Can't see.
Okay.
I think I really respect.
Then we can click on logging.
Okay.
Great.
So you can see there's a long list of products.
Every little thing that's over there as well.
Rogers Fields.
We can't switch.
We can.
Consequently, we don't have any ice cream in our carts.
And this is my preferred.
You can see the profile image, the email address, the user name, their phone number and so on.
We can also choose to upload tear ducts.
Okay.
And we have various categories.
The forms categories only form separately displayed.
We also have the clothes category.
All the clothes I got over to Fleet.
We also have our shoes categories.
You can have as many category as you want.
Okay.
But in our editorial series category, the this category, the clothes category are the shoes category.
Now, we can click on any of this products and we can go back with this.
Okay.
And you can see the name of the product and the description of the product.
You can click on Add to Cart.
You can see apparently because of the cart there, we can then go to carts because you go via the candidate
equipment.
We can't as well decrementals.
Okay.
You can read the comments and the comments they can make.
You can see the two surprise as well as what a line and why it should be correct.
You can see it is now Nike hits.
Okay.
We can also remove this item.
Our car.
Okay.
We can also have multiple before I said, okay, we can have this.
We can also hard this.
Look at this.
It's just $5,000.
Okay.
We can add this from.
Now you can see this gradient card.
Now, let's go see our cards.
Okay.
You're going to see the value, right?
And the total prize is $5,449.
Right.
Okay.
Now currently please note there is no payment method, but if you want to add one we can.
Then I can then make a video on how to integrate this drive immediately or pay for what?
Currently quoting now.
We don't have to commit myself for this.
I've been ordered to order for this product.
All we just have to do is IPsec or check out.
You can see it's got this of light.
So I came can see.
Okay.
Great.
Now we're going to go back to the letter and you can.
Then go to my hotel.
Okay.
We can see what we just ordered, right?
But you can see what you just saw, that we can do all this from other cities.
But to get to this set, it is a little this.
Where will this and will this?
Okay, great.
Now, like I said, currently we don't have anything really tight for this.
But if you want to have one, we can then make your video and I can then make a video on that for you
and also integrates just try to let me talk to all the people before.
But for now we don't have currently we are using the firebase.
What if you also want to know not to use it cause some ugly panic attack?
There's only a video on that for you.
But clearly, this is.
Basically is they can go to different category to hard items.
Okay.
You can see currently we are working hard, right.
Because we recently had that that products can get to a little bit from my heart.
Okay.
Go to heart and did it this.
And I kept that from the category because you're going to see is of the available now the prices on
the dollar.
Parts.
Okay.
Great.
Now we have it all right here.
Right.
I can choose to just try and just get rid of this.
Okay.
So they.
And.
Hi.
Okay, I can see.
I want to watch Siri because it goes towards your little control people and checkouts.
Can you give it away?
Okay.
Your prize is product ID.
The quantities to the name of the product is technical power.
And the user, Heidi, writes, and as well we can upload products.
Okay.
I can't say the price is.
Sorry.
No, the product is to
she.
And the prize is maybe 70, not 99, $70.
And we can applaud Colonel Galloway.
Became outlaws like this for the product.
And like I said, every category is going to be the clothes category and brand because they're going
to go with this.
Therefore, this is crucial using the time to.
Over here to show you.
You can upload products that they can click on.
The quantity.
We have serious stock.
They can quickly offload.
Okay.
We'll look for that here.
Good tech products.
Okay.
Now let's go back to the home screen.
See?
You can see it as I write, the key is the title with the description.
We'll just add that.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
Love you guys.
Waiting to see you in the course.